Scheduler: add the 'All Day Panel Mode' demo description (#1899)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Scheduler/AllDayPanelMode/description.md

> The **All day** Scheduler panel displays appointments that last all day or have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true**. To change the **All day** panel display mode, assign one of the following values to the [allDayPanelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayPanelMode) property:

Reviewer: Did you mean to say something like this in the first sentence? 

```suggestion
The **All day** Scheduler panel displays appointments that last over 24 hours or have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true** (don't have specific start/end times). To change the **All day** panel display mode, assign one of the following values to the [allDayPanelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayPanelMode) property:
```

Or maybe this: 

```suggestion
The **All day** Scheduler panel displays appointments that last all day (have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true**). To change the **All day** panel display mode, assign one of the following values to the [allDayPanelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayPanelMode) property:
```

> The **All day** Scheduler panel displays appointments that last over 24 hours or have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true** (don't have specific start/end times). To change the **All day** panel display mode, assign one of the following values to the [allDayPanelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayPanelMode) property:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **All day** Scheduler panel displays appointments that last longer than 24 hours or have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true** (don't have specific start/end times). To change the **All day** panel display mode, assign one of the following values to the [allDayPanelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayPanelMode) property:
```

- *'all'*    

> Displays all appointments that have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true** and the ones that have the length equal to or more than 24 hours. The Scheduler does not show these appointments on the view.

Reviewer: Stronger verb allows to shorten the sentence: "have the length equal to or more than 24 hours" -> "last 24 hours or longer".

More often than not, Ray replaces "show" with "display" when we talk about our controls and their elements. Also "in the view" reads to me a bit better than "on the view". But maybe both are okay. 

Some of these comments apply to other list items.

```suggestion
Displays all appointments that have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true** and the ones that last 24 hours or longer. The Scheduler does not display these appointments in the view.
```

- *'allDay'* (default)   

> Displays only appointments that have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true**. The Scheduler shows other appointments on the view.

Author: ```suggestion
Displays only appointments that have the [allDay](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#allDay) property set to **true**. The Scheduler shows other appointments in the view.
```

- *'hidden'*    

> Hides the **All day** panel. The Scheduler shows all appointments on the view.

Author: ```suggestion
Hides the **All day** panel. The Scheduler shows all appointments in the view.
```
